docs/README.md, before:

---
home: true
icon: iconfont icon-home
title: Home
heroImage: /logo.svg
heroText: ALIST
tagline: 🗂️ A file list program that supports multiple storage, powered by Gin and Solidjs.
actions:
  - text: Get started💡
    link: /guide/
    type: primary

  - text: GitHub🌱
    link: https://github.com/OpenListTeam/OpenList

features:
  - title: Easy to Use
    icon: iconfont icon-light
    details: Alist was designed from the ground up to be easily installed and it can be used on all platforms.

  - title: Multiple storage
    icon: iconfont icon-storage
    details: Alist supports multiple storage providers, including local storage, Aliyundrive, Onedrive, Google Drive, etc., and is easily expand.

  - title: Support WebDAV
    icon: iconfont icon-waline
    details: Alist supports all storage WebDAV, which is a standard for accessing files on.

  - title: Dark Mode
    icon: iconfont icon-contrast
    details: Switch between light and dark modes freely

  - title: Protected routes
    icon: iconfont icon-token
    details: Add password protection and authentication for specific path

  - title: File preview
    icon: iconfont icon-preview
    details: Support video, audio, office, pdf, code, image preview, etc. Even ipa install

  - title: Package download / Batch download
    icon: iconfont icon-cache
    details: Use stream api of brower to support package download without server usage / Batch download support folder using Aria2

  - title: single sign-on
    icon: font-icon icon fa-solid fa-repeat-1
    details: Use single sign-on to quickly log in to AList

  - title: Automatic registration of AList account
    icon: fa-solid fa-file-user
    details: Use single sign-on to automatically register as an AList account to quickly register

  - title: offline download
    icon: fa-solid fa-folder-arrow-down
    details: To download the torrent content offline to the specified directory, a good network environment is required

  - title: Crypt encrypt/decrypt files
    icon: fa-solid fa-binary-lock
    details: Anyone can securely store encrypted data on remote storage providers. Data is stored in a Crypt, and the provider can only see the Crypt, not your data.

  - title: More new features
    icon: iconfont icon-more
    details: Including text editor, readme/html render, file permalink, cloudflare workers proxy, etc.

copyright: false
footer: <a href="https://www.netlify.com"> <img src="https://www.netlify.com/v3/img/components/netlify-color-bg.svg" alt="Deploys by Netlify" /> </a> <div>AGPL-3.0 Licensed | Copyright © 2022-present The OpenList Team</div><script src="/adb.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
---

Commit message:

chore: update project name (partial 2: replace Alist -> OpenList)

docs/README.md, after:

---
home: true
icon: iconfont icon-home
title: Home
heroImage: /logo.svg
heroText: OpenList
tagline: 🗂️ A file list program that supports multiple storage, powered by Gin and Solidjs.
actions:
  - text: Get started💡
    link: /guide/
    type: primary

  - text: GitHub🌱
    link: https://github.com/OpenListTeam/OpenList

features:
  - title: Easy to Use
    icon: iconfont icon-light
    details: OpenList was designed from the ground up to be easily installed and it can be used on all platforms.

  - title: Multiple storage
    icon: iconfont icon-storage
    details: OpenList supports multiple storage providers, including local storage, Aliyundrive, Onedrive, Google Drive, etc., and is easily expand.

  - title: Support WebDAV
    icon: iconfont icon-waline
    details: OpenList supports all storage WebDAV, which is a standard for accessing files on.

  - title: Dark Mode
    icon: iconfont icon-contrast
    details: Switch between light and dark modes freely

  - title: Protected routes
    icon: iconfont icon-token
    details: Add password protection and authentication for specific path

  - title: File preview
    icon: iconfont icon-preview
    details: Support video, audio, office, pdf, code, image preview, etc. Even ipa install

  - title: Package download / Batch download
    icon: iconfont icon-cache
    details: Use stream api of brower to support package download without server usage / Batch download support folder using Aria2

  - title: single sign-on
    icon: font-icon icon fa-solid fa-repeat-1
    details: Use single sign-on to quickly log in to OpenList

  - title: Automatic registration of OpenList account
    icon: fa-solid fa-file-user
    details: Use single sign-on to automatically register as an OpenList account to quickly register

  - title: offline download
    icon: fa-solid fa-folder-arrow-down
    details: To download the torrent content offline to the specified directory, a good network environment is required

  - title: Crypt encrypt/decrypt files
    icon: fa-solid fa-binary-lock
    details: Anyone can securely store encrypted data on remote storage providers. Data is stored in a Crypt, and the provider can only see the Crypt, not your data.

  - title: More new features
    icon: iconfont icon-more
    details: Including text editor, readme/html render, file permalink, cloudflare workers proxy, etc.

copyright: false
footer: <a href="https://www.netlify.com"> <img src="https://www.netlify.com/v3/img/components/netlify-color-bg.svg" alt="Deploys by Netlify" /> </a> <div>AGPL-3.0 Licensed | Copyright © 2022-present The OpenList Team</div><script src="/adb.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
---
